Oh
good morning everyone welcome to a new
vlog I am just starting off the morning
with some Nutella I've got a cute little
portion sized pot here
on toast this is a very quick breakfast
because I smooth learned on many times
this morning I've got a nine o'clock
start this morning in West Cambridge
which I haven't had before my earliest
start last term was 9:45 and that was a
lot more manageable you don't understand
how much difference that 45 minutes
makes I'm so tired at the moment and in
about an hour's time I thought it'd be
like tuned in switched on for a lecture
I could have time to have a shower this
morning it'll be a miracle even one time
this morning
is also quite disgusting morning for me
because I have four lectures in a row I
don't know how much I back myself to
stay concentrated and focused the whole
time then this afternoon I've got a
secret room but I've also got a few
questions I want to review before that
the convenience I could do that after my
transformation this is really a portion
because look my tooth does not feel
covered with Nutella at the moment I
would have gone had a shower first
before breakfast because I felt like I
was running late this morning I should
prioritize cake showers but I heard the
fire alarms are going off down the
street now it's like if they're doing a
drill I do not want to be in the shower
when auradon goes off but it's all
stopped off now so I think we might be
okay I forgot I need to leave early
stairs work those temporary lights down
the road that I cycle up to get to
lectures and it caught me there for like
10 minutes yesterday and obviously late
to lectures because they're stupid
lights not happy
roadworks not happy about that and
here's the scene about halfway through
my morning of lectures the lecture
theater is quite comfy so it's not too
bad although there is a hazard of
falling asleep after lectures had
finished I headed over the road to a
nearby cafe I was staying out in West
Cambridge for my lunch break since my
supervision was also at the Institute of
astronomy so it wasn't worth going all
the way back to the house the only
drawback is West cafe is expensive but
it is really tasty
I would also class it as a top-notch
study spot hello
very cold I am now walking over back to
the IOA for my supervision my four hours
of lectures Aurora struggles this
morning but I got through it quite a
nice afternoon just sitting in West Cafe
and doing some work and actually quite
shocked how productive I feel today
really but I suppose that's what for
lectures does tyou forces you to what I
can concentrate and learn stuff I
definitely need to make a mental note
though to bring more layers with me next
week because the lecture theatre at the
IOA gets really cold after a couple of
hours when you're spending four hours
straight sitting in there a bit chilly
so I need a few more jumpers next week
Oh
alternatively if anyone from the IOA is
what thing please could you turn off the
heating in the lecture theatre okie
dokie peeps I am back in my room it's
been quite a productive day I have to
say those four hours of lectures two
hours of work in West Cafe a supervision
that was an hour long or just over an
hour then I cycled back I've had dinner
attracted to my friends for a bit now
I'm back at my desk and I think I'm
going to do some work on my computing
projects because I didn't finish those
before term started I won't have them
done by the end of this term and I know
this time was just gonna get busier and
busier as time goes on so I should get
them done now so I'm gonna try and make
a bit of progress with those good
morning everyone I'm in my sports gear
I've got my trainers on whoo sport I've
even got my new running belt on I've
woken up and realized I wasn't really in
the mood for a run but I promised myself
last night that I'd go for a run and
let's face it when am I ever in the mood
for a run so I'm gonna go do a run short
one twenty minutes then I'll come back
and get ready for the day on my lecture
start at ten o'clock but you need to
wake myself up
okay I've done my run it wasn't very hot
but it's better than nothing I think I
definitely need to work up from here my
fitness is so bad but yeah home time and
breakfast time definitely
hello everyone so this morning is not my
morning my bike has broken on my cycle
to lectures so I'm gonna be late because
like I'm going to walk the rest of the
way it's gonna take me quite a while let
me show you the damage it's this
it'd been probably edging that way for
quite a while but now whenever I cycle
on it so it gets caught around the pedal
like a night cyclone out of school I'm
really annoyed
I don't go to I pack as much select as I
can and I'm gonna have to walk all the
way back a good day I have a possible
new plan that is I might just walk up to
the math department and go over my like
to look in there and skip the lecture I
wanted to recap a few things from the
course in previous lectures beforehand
anyway I don't know I'll look at the
time and see how it is because I might
not miss much of the lecture as I walk
quickly had my lecture now walking back
from my lecture with my broken bike I'm
gonna go have lunch so I've got quite a
busy afternoon okay so my friends really
kindly fixed my bike so that's good I
don't know if I told you earlier but I
never got to my first lecture because by
the time I would have got there would
have been about halfway through so it
was not worth going but I caught up the
stuff from the lecture while the lecture
was going on just sitting in the math
department which I could get to quickly
which was good
caught my second lecture of the day so
and yeah now the bike is fixed my
plastic chain guard has just been taken
off now I really need it hopefully the
chain won't fall off now I'm going to
the short cuz I've got a load of bits I
need such as laundry powder laundry
liquid Velveeta for my breakfast project
I'm now in half I finished my dinner
[Music]
okay so I am back from Robinson College
we went to a quiz night there which was
fun we didn't win car sounds expecting
our team to win my general knowledge is
appalling
but this quiz was quite a different
question if achill quiz we had rounds
about the different locations of the
Cambridge colleges
there was a round on estimating things
like estimating the number of words and
the Bible estimating the difference in
weight of Robinson College if the bricks
that it was made of were replaced by
these kind of foam bricks instead then I
checked my friends played a few card
games with my friends in the kitchen
since I've been back I need to make my
bed now I strip to earlier but I didn't
remake it I always hate myself and I do
this looks like I'm tired just want to
climb into bed and gotta make my bed
good morning everyone I am just about to
head on out to my first lecture and my
only lecture of the day so I've actually
got a pretty free day to get a load of
work done this afternoon I'm looking
forward to my coffee this morning after
my lecture I've got to sit through the
lecture first but also this latter
course hasn't been going so badly so far
like a lot of it is stuff we've done
before if I can just say that way for
the whole lecture course that'd be
really good I would like that just got
back from my lecture was a great lecture
I am loving my Astrophysical fluids
course at the moment it's going at such
a slow pace and we've done all the stuff
before
if they're godsend I like having a
course I know what's going on although
I'm pretty sure the difficulty is gonna
ramp up very quickly my room is a mess
Exhibit A
so I'm bout to tidy it up I'm gonna put
some music on while I tidy then go do my
laundry then get on with my computing
project I've got to make the most of
this free day today I'm feeling quite
chilled at the moment the clothes I
haven't got any deadlines at the moment
my super visions aren't organized
although my supervision list is now out
so I've now been assigned to supervisors
three of my fourth actual causes this
term the other supervisor is yet to be
assigned but I should hear about that in
the next few days the way it works this
year is that we get in contact with our
supervisors to organize our supervision
as ourselves and they're all based at
the IOA it's sheet of astronomy rows in
my first two years my supervisors were
all from Jesus College or Jesus College
organized the super visions for you so
now it's all done outside of college by
the department in the third year so it's
a bit different
right hello everyone I'm going to do my
laundry and I have not filmed a laundry
segment in ages
so here I am doing the laundry Sacrament
I've got a few questions these are hard
questions that I got on my Instagram
story actually ages ago I got so many
responses with questions for my last
laundry segment I thought I'd just save
some for this one as well anyway I'm
gonna get going with my laundry I first
need to get the person before me stuff
out of the washing machine which is just
here you can't see the washing machine
but hey you all know what washing
machine looks like it's actually a
really busy laundry room like there's so
many racks of clothing and people's bags
of laundry in here I've never seen it so
busy I think we've all just left our
laundry till exactly the same point this
is my first laundry run of the term and
it's approaching two weeks since I got
back to you nice I think that's kind of
the laundry cycle that everyone is doing
first question if you hadn't taken
Natural Sciences what subject would you
have taken I think I might briefly
mention this in the video before but I
would have taken
languages I really liked French at
school I also really enjoyed German but
I didn't do German for that long I
wanted to do French a level that was a
definite for me then I ended up not
doing it because it didn't really make
sense with the other combination of
subjects I was taking so I was taking
Sciences subjects I kind of fell into
science
we take GCSE these when we're 15 or 16
and they're the first proper
examinations you do and you get options
for GCSE so you can kind of decide a few
of the subject you're taking and I was
not planning on doing triple science I
was only planning on doing two science
GCSE C's I ended up doing three and that
was purely because of a timetable clash
and I wanted to do languages I wanted to
do two languages for GCSE instead I was
told by my school sorry we don't have
enough people who want to do that and
there's timetable clashes so you can OD
one language and science so I was
actually very disappointed at the time
because languages were my thing I loved
a languages so much and I mean science
was okay I didn't hate it I just wasn't
a big fan I don't know why and then I
really enjoyed science during my GCSE
years when I was 1516 hence why I took
it for a levels and now taking a uni so
I did find a love for science so I think
it was a good thing that there was
timetable issues back when I was in
secondary school but yeah if I was to
redo my education again I would like to
go down the languages route and see what
that's like my thinking is as well that
I can definitely become fluent in a
and not study at university that's on
the bucket list become fluent in another
language hello laundry second you'll
survive next question is my favorite
song that's a hard one I've got a lot
more into music recently I listen to a
little music than I ever used to
currently I'm obsessed with the Hamilton
musical soundtrack so I'd say it's
probably one of those songs is my
favorite song at the moment probably the
Scylla system someone said how do you
feel University has changed you mostly I
think it's made me more confident I'm
still not the most confident person and
there's definitely quite a way to go and
that's kind of one of my personal goals
at the moment like being more confident
but definitely since starting University
to now my confidence has come on leaps
and bounds which is so good okay right I
just moved you I'm loaded up the washing
machine I'm just about to put in my
laundry liquid and we probably got time
for one more question while I do that so
we'll go for how is your third year
going
is it more stressful than your second
and first years um I think I might have
appeared rather stressed in recent locks
you know what I think it's going okay it
is always around this time of year that
like start to panic first year second
year and third year I've always got to
this stage like January February time it
started going oh I'm gonna fail I don't
know anything I'm so behind I think I'm
being overdramatic and actually it's a
wonder the trouble it's just weird
thinking I'm in Sergio it's gone so fast
it feels like I've just started
University and now there's like two
years of people below me at the college
and I've got finals this summer quite as
time goes so quickly anyway that is it
for today's laundry segment thank you
for joining me I will see you soon with
another new segment and now I need to go
back to work go follow my Instagram if
you want to send in questions for the
next laundry segment yeah for the next
few hours I did some work on my
computing projects and I listened to
some music I did dance quite a lot as
you can see in these clips not gonna lie
it was quite a fun afternoon
I do love getting into some music and
I'm also quite enjoying the computing
projects now never thought I'd say this
but it's really fun when your code
actually works
[Music]
hello everyone I have just been to the
library after dinner which I obviously
had in the clothed cafeteria I've
printed off some lecture notes and
example sheets and I printed off a guide
for the telescopes because I'm going to
telescope training this evening and as a
nice type top list of steps you need to
take when doing the telescope so I want
to take that along so I can annotate it
because this is my second and last demo
before I can book my test there's quite
a lot to remember and I would like to
pass my test first time I am quickly
gonna go sort my laundry out downstairs
I'm hoping no else put their stuff in
the tumble dryer before I get there but
it's a possibility
the tumble dryer is going someone else
has put our stuff in I've been way to
use this all day wow it's really hot in
this room so I'm gonna go and get ready
to leave to head to the Institute of
astronomy this is the northumberland
telescope it's a refractor telescope and
I was being trained to use it okay I've
just walked in I've got back from
telescope training I spent about an hour
on my bike in total today from cycling
backwards and forwards through the
industry of astronomy I like a proper
cyclist also well is that this
fashionable accessory I'm wearing I had
this in first year it's quite bad I
haven't actually worn it for something
before until now but it is quite good to
wear that I especially went under
cycling on the roads
I do cycle in a main road as well to get
to the Institute of astronomy and it's
dark and you know I want to make sure
the cars can see me on the bike got my
lights as well obviously I hope the
paper cut myself that's the other update
I've paper got myself almost every day
for the past five days it's really quite
a painful habit on Saturday morning I
went for my second run of the week yes
you heard me clearly I'm a fitness
enthusiast now the river setting is
actually very pleasant when I got back
to my house
I did some stretches of course I did not
want to be aching for the rest of the
day if I could help it then it was time
for breakfast yes I have my cereal
without milk don't judge me I think it's
perfectly normal
who wants soggy cereal not me I'm lucky
enough to have a lecture on Saturdays
this term so I headed to the maths
Department at midday
I used to eat all the rice and now I
like right I didn't try the Chinese
everyone so don't judge me I am still in
my pajamas on my dressing-gown it is
approaching two o'clock I am gonna go
have a shower now I haven't just got up
I have you know I have been sitting at
my desk editing YouTube videos this
morning which has been quite enjoyable I
haven't done a bit of editing in quite a
while because I've been busy with
university work but I suddenly got
although the videos I need to edit and
yeah I'm not complaining I enjoy editing
so it's quite a fun day really I'm gonna
get up go have a light lunch this
evening I'm going to formal with my
friends it's technically a belated
birthday formal for me except my
birthday was ages ago
like over a month ago it was when we
were all on holiday so away from uni so
I wanted to celebrate but because of
everyone's different schedules we
haven't managed to get anything sorted
until now but it is nice to have a
formal with all my friends I'm quite
with report to that bye I'm going to end
this vlog here so my formal will be in
the next book so watch out for that
coming soon thank you for watching this
vlog give the video a like if you
enjoyed it subscribe down below
to see more videos from me follow me
over on Instagram
hit the notification bell then you're
notified when I upload so you don't miss
any of my videos
yeah and I'll see you soon ice but I
[Music]